The Idea
The current way humans govern ourselves is outdated. Technology has brought us to a point where a small community that operates as a self-sufficient democratic meritocracy is possible.

The goal here is to create a micro-city of 150 people as an experiment to see what those few people can make when they are given the opportunity to build a culture and city from scratch. One where power is gained as a side effect of improving the lives of everyone in the community (meritocracy), where there is no overall leader (democracy), and where laws and societal rules are built from 0.
------------
The Plan
---
A Seastead Meritocracy
There is a city that is legally untied to all current countries and systems of law. It is likely a seastead.

It is home to approximately 150 “citizens”, each of whom can claim partial ownership of the city as a whole. 
---
Run As A Reddit-Style Democracy/Meritocracy
Every citizen has voting power on all initiatives, laws, etc. being taken in the city. 

Depending on the issue at hand, according to the meritocracy model mentioned below, your vote will have a ‘weight’ between 1 (the default) and 10. 

The ‘weight’ of each vote is determined by their level of expertise and the trust the community puts in them for that particular domain of ability/knowledge.

[EXAMPLE: The head of aquaponics farming in the city, who helps maintain and teach others about the city’s primary method of agriculture, would have a vote with a ‘weight’ of 10 on an issue regarding the city’s aquaponics system] 

[note: I can see a problem here where someone like a celebrity gets a ton of votes because they're popular in movies. This not-particularly brilliant celebrity may then use their voting power to vote up other sub-excellent people. Not sure how to avoid this yet. Also, people could buy votes. The penalty for vote buying can be extremely severe. Something like a forced bankruptcy where you lose 95% of everything you own, and the profits are given to the same fund that takes care of global internet and money for the under 20’s]
---
Where The ‘Government’ Is A Bunch of Startups

The governing of this society is crowd-sourced, in a way that initiatives follow a startup-to-company like format:

They start small with a few people, if you donate time, effort, and/or money to the 'startup', you are given in return (besides a potential salary), a voting power in the actions of the startup [software wise, this can run one something like Ethereum]. Funding for such projects comes from the sales tax mentioned below.

A near-total level of transparency is required by every project.
---
Sales Tax Is The Only Tax
The only form of taxation is a sales tax.

But it is not just money given to the government. After all, you are part of the government.

Instead, the money you have paid (likely via a cryptocurrency) is calculated and you are then given the option to choose on which project(s) it is spent.

You will not be given any additional voting power in said projects for this money, however. If you desire that, you will have to give the project some money or valuable thing in return.
---
Kids Have a Minimum Income

Everyone is given a small sum of money from the age of 1 year old to the age of 20 [1]. It'll start at something like $20/month and peak at aprox $1000, according to your age. They are also given a lump sum every 4 years that is equal to the cost of a middling level laptop. They can use this to buy any internet-connected non-gaming-central electronics they wish. 

Every 6 months, the recipient monthly payment will come with a packet, teaching them how to teach themselves to make more money if they so wish. 

At the age of 20, this all turns off. No more free money. Since the money they have been given is just enough to meet their needs and some desires, they will have had motivation to earn more money (but not desperation to do something they hate to get it). 
